chore: remove circuits from repo (#284)
privacy-scaling-explorations/zk-kit: README.md

    </h4>
</div>

> | ZK-Kit is a set of libraries (algorithms or utility functions) that can be reused in different projects and zero-knowledge protocols, making it easier for developers to access user-friendly, tested, and documented code for common tasks. ZK-Kit provides a repository for each language. This repository only contains JavaScript and Solidity code. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ZK-Kit is a set of libraries (algorithms or utility functions) that can be reused in different projects and zero-knowledge protocols, making it easier for developers to access user-friendly, tested, and documented code for common tasks. ZK-Kit provides different repositories for each language - this one contains JavaScript and Solidity code only. |
```
